🔧 Fix(Fragments/Leptos): Fix unwanted refresh and update to Leptos v0.2 (#362)
tauri-apps/create-tauri-app: .changes/changes.md

---
"create-tauri-app": patch
---

> Fix(Fragments/Leptos): Fix unwanted refresh when clicking on the button
> Chore(Fragments/Leptos): Update to Leptos v0.2.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix unwanted refresh when clicking on the greet button in `leptos` template
```
and add `Update Leptos to v0.2` in another change file
